---
author: Matt Kollada
unique_name: MK-I_Walked_With_You_A_Ways-Plains
album_name: I Walked With You A Ways
artist_name: Plains
album_link: https://open.spotify.com/album/7mdK7vYHrLMzPHGeGXQN0h?si=Qf_5P00RThOoZ5yRQeoWJw
artist_link: https://open.spotify.com/artist/1vxqrtPBBQWCuoAcJqVCph?si=PXrD54UtRBew5Ii-YQzOZw
album_image_path: /assets/images/album_covers/plains.jpeg
genre: Folk/Country
---

I. love. this. record. I went about 48 hours from the time it was released without listening to anything else. This collaboration between Katie Crutchfield (Waxahatchee) and Jess Williamson is a project of songs that explore challenging love. With soaring harmonies, and just the right amount of ‘twang, this theme takes shape in the orbit of troubled relationships. A summer romance that was never going to make it (Summer Sun), a partner that knows their love can be wild and unwieldy (Hurricane), a lover acknowledging that they will to need to fight for what they have (Easy). The stories are crisp and clear-eyed - they never say too much. This creates the space for the words they do say to resonate, like when Crutchfield admits, “I can’t hide / in your line of sight” (Line of Sight). Crutchfield and Williamson’s steady, gorgeous vocals provide a sense of assuredness, of growth in the face of heartbreak. It’s an honest portrayal of love, of connection with jagged edges, moments of bliss, and sometimes unconquerable obstacles. Through it all, they recognize meaning found in these experiences to be worth the risks and the pain, as Williamson sings on the closing, title track, “I’ll be better all my days / cause I walked with you a ways.”     

Also check out: Waxahatchee's fantastic 2020 album <a href="https://open.spotify.com/album/4V1EQ7wQZUoiPjMY0WtY3M?si=6NothiFcQoOo1KQRatnGCw">Saint Cloud</a>
