---
author: Matt Kollada
unique_name: MK-Mavi
artist_name: Mavi
album_link: https://open.spotify.com/album/1RU8i9ISNQ52Vs8msq30C1
artist_link: https://open.spotify.com/artist/1peoXq0RPx7czVoFjloeDQ
album_image_path: /assets/images/album_covers/let_the_sun_talk.jpeg
genre: Rap
alt_image_text: Let the Sun Talk - MAVI
markdown: kramdown
---
MAVI’s verbose brand of rap has really caught me. His bars are dense, packed with internal rhymes and double entendres, the 23 yeard old artist wrings everything he can out of each line. He performs these gymnastics with a sense of cool, not rushing to show off, a style reminiscent of collaborator Earl Sweatshirt. The beats behind him are usually tasteful but simple - soulful loops and sparse percussion put MAVI's words at the forefront. His writing leans toward abstraction, creating room for the exploration of language that the Charlotte rapper clearly covets. At the same time, his lyrics reveal an insightful, provocative thinker. Rapping on topics varying from the difficulties his communities find in the face of oppression, his complicated relationship to romance and sex, and the importance of the cultivation of love and of one’s own mental health. It’s wordplay, it’s auto-biographical introspection, it’s societal commentary, it’s poetry. His two albums, the recent “Laughing so Hard, it Hurts”, and 2019s “Let the Sun Talk” are both fantastic. I’d recommend starting with the latter and to keep a lyric sheet handy, because, as MAVI tells us, “What kind of songs you make?’ / I make the kind you gotta read baby.” 

<a href="https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1FXu6xABLmCqeI6kbNJcHC?si=671b1f4f28b04f6b" style="mso-line-height-rule: exactly;-ms-text-size-adjust: 100%;-webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;">Here's a 10 song intro to MAVI playlist</a>
