---
unique_name: MK-Angel-SAULT
track_name: Angel
artist_name: SAULT
track_link: https://open.spotify.com/track/3WSRFKYZ9PmoFsfHb3vE3V
artist_link: https://open.spotify.com/artist/1uRxRKC7d9zwYGSRflTKDR
album_image_path: /assets/images/album_covers/sault_angel.jpeg
alt_image_text: Angel - SAULT
markdown: kramdown
---

This 10 minute, multi-part single from the British collective, SAULT, is a striking, ambitious piece of music. “Angel” is a journey through loss - of what can be learned, and what comes after. It begins with a heartwrenching story. An assertive, repeated guitar riff sets the stage for the narrator to grieve - his younger brother has been killed. As the instrumentation builds, he describes the system that put his "angel" in a position to lose his life. Though there is plenty of room for bitterness and anger, the narrator never turns there, instead choosing to center the beauty he’s seen in his little brother. This perspective leads into a more heavenly plane, as the driving beat gives way to soft piano, and the narrator sends prayers to his god, “Lord, will you open the gates of Zion? / His soul is ready to, to come home.” The celestial harmonies eventually fade and give way to a spoken word poem that takes a wide angle view on existence - perhaps a message from the other side of giref. Finally, the epic ends with an uplifting guitar and bass combo, as the narrator is left to sit and wonder on a piece of advice given to him by his grandmother. “Angel”, well worth its runtime, is a moving testament to the difficulties and the power of processing one's grief.
<br>
<br>
Also check out: Everything by SAULT, but maybe start with the album <a href="https://open.spotify.com/album/19uWOx2aMKl7cdesfEyFms?si=MUuMNLwtTQuxpIxK4RCUYw" style="mso-line-height-rule: exactly;-ms-text-size-adjust: 100%;-webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;">7</a>
