---
author: Pete Vallimarescu
unique_name: PV-Lean_Into_Life-Petey
album_name: Lean Into Life
artist_name: Petey
album_link: https://open.spotify.com/album/0bhNAmedySXmdR9xBhbpmZ
artist_link: https://open.spotify.com/artist/4TeKBLCqmYXzvcgYX4t4YA
album_image_path: /assets/images/album_covers/petey.jpeg
alt_image_text: Lean Into Life - Petey
genre: "indie rock? punk? electro-pop? emo? Sure"
---
So I was doing some research before Outside Lands, as I always do, to find some new music and artists that might put on a good show. I came across an artist named Petey. Being a Peter myself, I was very curious. His top song on spotify was called "Don't Tell The Boys" and I was instantly hooked. I'm really not the type to obsess over songs and listen to them on repeat, but I couldn't help myself with this one. The first time I listened, I thought "this is a fun song to scream along to, and Petey seems a bit like a bro" (no offense), but as I listened to it and him more, I realized there was much more to Petey. 

As his Spotify profile states, "Petey’s album is explosive and cathartic, with moments of aching honesty and probing self-examination giving way to biting wit and joyful exuberance amidst a sea of arpeggiating synthesizers, distorted guitars, and shouted vocals. is it indie rock? punk? electro-pop? emo? sure, but if you're getting hung up on what to call it you have already missed the point." Read the rest of his bio on Spotify because it's great and says basically why I love him and this album. He really opens up about "anxiety and depression, masculinity and heartbreak" and in a day where men sometimes have a hard time talking about their feelings, it was amazing to see such honesty and vulnerability.

I will leave you with some of Petey's words, "if I can wake up every day for the rest of my life and make something new, that's all I could ever ask for. Its the only goal ive got" don't forget that just because we are "adults", that doesn't mean we can't be curious, ask questions and be creative! Take more time to do something for yourself and make something new, no matter how small. 