---
author: Matt Kollada
unique_name: MK-Absolutely-Dijon
album_name: Absolutely
artist_name: Dijon
album_link: https://open.spotify.com/album/4E691gbRgo2Zb6ToII2DWO
artist_link: https://open.spotify.com/artist/0knGpCTbmG4ctl1wzYRZs4
album_image_path: /assets/images/album_covers/Dijon_Absolutely_AlbumCover.jpeg
alt_image_text: Absolutely - Dijon
genre: Pop/R&B?
markdown: kramdown
---

In my eyes, this album is a masterpiece. Released in 2021, Dijon’s "Absolutely", feels like an ode to letting oneself go, and letting oneself feel, within music. He channels noted influences like Bon Iver, Gillian Welsch, Springsteen, and The Band, to make songs that feel new in such a satisfying way. As with most of his music, Dijon’s voice, its expressiveness, its roughness, its power, is our anchor point. The feeling pouring out of it is mesmerizing. The production behind it is simple, but striking, swinging seamlessly with his mood to create beautiful stories while describing just a few intimate moments. 

“The Dress” is an irresistible, easy jam where Dijon wonders about an old partner, “Do you still take a long time to get ready … cause the dress looks nice on you still / and it always will”. It’s nostalgic, regretful, ultimately appreciative of what was, and so damn catchy. “Many Times”, the lead single, finds Dijon frenzied, angry, backed by a break-beat and simple bassline. In the music video Dijon is yelling, jerking his body around, letting go of any level of recording polish for rawness, his bandmates are expertly ripping right alongside him. It finishes with album collaborator Mk.gee literally sprinting around the set from his guitar to the piano to play the outro solo. The video for “Big Mike’s”, the superb album opener, is my favorite, as we get to watch the band lock into a smooth groove, their cohesion permeating through the entire performance.

The music videos (also stitched together and released in <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEkOYs6aWIg">a fantastic 25 minute film</a>) clearly display what makes this album so powerful; ecstatic, individual expression being both supported by, and itself fueling, fantastic musicality. The energy is incredible, and felt throughout the music. As a whole, "Absolutely" just sounds so good. A record that you can feel had love and care poured into it from start to finish. It’s one of my favorites in a long time.

Listen to: Everything he's put out. Dijon rocks.